My lady knows that you were taken away by the police last night
I can't eat, I can't drink.
I don't know where my lady likes you
Xiao Ai
Ding Xia, are you alright?
Sister Qiu
Ah!
Thank you for saving stop
Miss Ning, then we have nothing to do. Let's go back.
No need, I'll just walk with the stop
Miss, then I will leave first, Chen Hao.
This morning.
Dear, my brother said some ugly things to you.
He doesn't have a lot of EQ.
It's easy to offend
But he's not that bad.
Can you stop arguing with him?
But don't bother me in the future, that's right
Lin Haiyao will hold an auction the day after tomorrow
Some antique calligraphy and paintings and precious medicinal materials will be auctioned.
Are you interested?
My second father
Sorry for my incompetence and not seeing it out.
8 What's wrong with the old man?
Waste King, you are still the president of the Chinese Association
I can't even tell what's wrong with my grandfather
It's useless
You are not successful
I recommend Chen Hao to cure it.
We have another credit
If it can't be cured, spend money to trouble him
I'm talking about your grandson
That Dr. Wu
Think of a person who can cure the disease of flowers falling?
Who is Chen Hao so nice?